[Too Young To Love]
[Episode 17]
[Hailan University]
[Aren't they friends?]
[So sweet.]
[Knock and then come in]
Who are you?
Don't you know "first come, first served"?
Chen Zhihan.
You knew clearly I like Tong Xiaole,
yet you hypocritically
gave me his WeChat ID
and hid the fact that you two are dating!
Did you have to humiliate me like that?
I'm sorry.
I indeed was in the wrong.
He and I indeed...
Don't even mention Yi Lan.
She's driving me crazy.
And our high school classmate, Luo Ningzi.
Do you still remember her?
Her family used to be pretty rich, right?
Later, for some unknown reason,
they went bankrupt.
Now she's busy with socializing,
networking everywhere for money.
What are you talking about?
Why did you eavesdrop on my call?
So impolite.
Hey, don't run!
Lan.
Just ignore her.
Please don't take it to heart.
She was just spreading rumors.
What have you been up to lately?
Let's have a meal together
when you're free.
Tonight,
would you like to come to the restaurant
where I work part-time to watch me play?
My treat.
Sure.
Mm.
It's fine.
I'm going to rehearsal.
Always eating skewers is a bit boring.
Hot pot?
Something like that.
Our bro came.
Weren't you in the restroom?
That took forever.
Sorry, let's go.
Let's go.
So, where to?
[Lutao Free Restaurant]
We haven't decided what to eat yet.
Lan!
Why are you wearing my coat?
Why did you...
Why did you come outside to wait?
Why are you wearing my coat?
Riding the electric scooter at night
is cold.
I was worried you might get cold.
So thoughtful.
Let me tell you,
Ning played really well today.
I'm thinking,
maybe if I get a chance,
I could
find a part-time job like this too.
It might help me improve myself.
I don't think...
you need to.
Why?
Because...
my girlfriend is already super amazing.
Really?
Of course.
Did Chen Fan come today too?
I don't know. Why?
I think I saw him.
How has he been lately?
I think
he should have the ability
to sort himself out.
But as for you,
can you take better care of yourself?
What about me?
How come I heard
someone has been bullying you at school?
It's nothing.
I can handle it myself.
If someone bullies you,
that's a serious matter!
From now on, no matter what happens,
you must tell me.
Got it?
Okay, okay.
I'll tell you everything from now on.
Are you tired?
No.
♪ The story begins with hand in hand ♪
Really?
Really.
Occupied. Occupied. Occupied.
♪ For no reason at all ♪
♪ I just want to walk with you ♪
See? You got up late.
The practice rooms are all occupied.
♪ Simply until we grow old ♪
♪ Every warm touch that drew us closer ♪
♪ Was nothing but a dream ♪
It's this piece.
They play really well.
♪ So many sunrises and sunsets ♪
Mm.
Not as good as your playing.
♪ Have changed our original hearts ♪
♪ By not thinking about it or guessing ♪
♪ I thought I could break free ♪
♪ Time has shown
I'm not as carefree as I imagined ♪
♪ I still can't forget the tenderness
you gave me that year ♪
♪ Exhausting all my strength,
I still can't fool myself ♪
♪ Your place is still here ♪
♪ No one else can take it ♪
♪ Let me treat it as just a heavy rain ♪
♪ Gradually, the memories we've built
become clear ♪
♪ All composed into a song ♪
♪ It's still so beautiful ♪
You passed.
Yes!
Thank you, Professor Ye.
But your technique
still needs improvement.
From now on, practice 4 hours every day.
I guarantee I will complete the task.
I'll get going then, Professor Ye.
Professor Ye,
I want to... ask you a question.
Go ahead.
How are things between you
and Shan now?
Shan is my brother.
I've known him since childhood.
So I care about how he's doing.
I can tell
he has always loved you very much.
So, what...
are...
your thoughts?
Sometimes,
2 people who love each other deeply
can still separate.
It's best if you don't understand.
Focus on practicing.
Mm?
What makes you so happy?
Xiaole!
I passed Professor Ye's interview!
Really?
Yes!
Congratulations!
But
she said my technique isn't good enough.
I need special training.
At least 4 hours every day.
That means the time I spend with you
will be a little bit less.
It's okay.
I'll be very busy too.
A professor in my department helped me
get a part-time job at a newspaper.
I need to report for duty next week.
A newspaper?
Mm.
Do you like it?
Well...
I wouldn't say I like it.
But
I want to give it a try.
It's okay.
I think you'll do great.
-I'm so happy!
-You're so happy.
I have a question.
Mm?
Why did someone say
that even if 2 people love each other,
they might still separate?
We love each other very much now,
but I think we'll never be apart.
Someone?
Who?
Just someone.
Her surname is Ye.
She's a professor.
Right?
Mm.
Tell me, why?
Professor Ye and Shan
clearly love each other.
Everyone knows that
except themselves.
Their relationship
is indeed quite complicated.
But I think
if we were in that situation,
it wouldn't be like that.
I would definitely take the initiative
and tell you
I like you very, very, very much.
♪ Boba tea with sugar means I like you ♪
And I like you
very, very, very, very much.
♪ Warm palms ♪
♪ The pleasant smell of love ♪
♪ I sync my playlist with yours
in secret ♪
Besides,
you'll never have that chance
in this lifetime.
♪ Let our hearts beat in sync ♪
♪ Let us breathe in sync ♪
Okay.
♪ You are everything I want ♪
Faster.
Watch the tempo.
Stop.
Look here.
Again.
Ms. Ye, you're amazing.
You really can predict
every mistake I'll make.
You're so happy
even after being criticized.
You're the first one.
I started later than others.
Just point out anything I do wrong.
Have you ever thought
about studying abroad?
Studying abroad?
I've never thought about it.
I think you should give it a try.
Go to different places
and listen to different music styles.
It will also help your future career.
You mean...
an exchange student?
I think, with my current skill level,
I'm not good enough yet
to compete with them for this spot.
Maybe not before,
but you can try now.
Actually, I have high hopes for you.
Thank you, Professor Ye.
Professor Ye,
it's my turn for a lesson.
Come in.
Stop.
You've made a few mistakes today.
I played it well when I practiced before.
Maybe I'm just...
a bit nervous now.
Don't make excuses.
Have you been practicing 4 hours a day?
I've been doing part-time performances.
Counting the performance time,
it's enough.
Then what do you usually do?
Prepare for other classes.
Luo Ningzi,
there is only one spot
for the exchange student program.
Talented people are everywhere.
If you don't give it your all,
how can you compete with others?
I...
I understand, Professor Ye.
Next time,
I'll definitely practice well
before coming.
Let's stop here for today.
Thank you, Ms. Ye.
Why are you waiting for me here?
Why did you practice so long today?
It's almost lights out.
Professor Ye recommended that I apply
for the exchange student program.
She thinks pretty highly of me.
I think I should give it a try.
You definitely can do it.
Let's go.
Ning.
You're here too.
You're preparing for IELTS?
Yes.
I plan to apply
for the exchange student program.
Do you plan to apply for it too?
We can go together.
I've been preparing all along.
But
the requirements for exchange students
are very high.
I'm afraid you can't meet them right now.
I know.
But I still want to give it a try.
Then I advise you
not to waste your energy.
Why are you talking like that?
I thought you'd support me.
I'm just telling the truth,
to save you from wasting time.
I'm going to class first.
Miss Luo.
Um, I'm getting a call.
You guys eat... eat first.
Here, Miss Luo.
My art gallery
will be opening soon.
I must invite you
to come and support it.
I hope
you can give a wonderful performance then.
What do you say?
Mr. Guo,
of course.
Luo Ningzi and I
will definitely attend on time.
We won't let you down.
Sit.
Here, here.
Mr. Guo,
a toast to you.
Miss Luo,
together?
I...
Um, she can't hold her liquor well.
I'll drink for her.
Mr. Guo, let me refill your glass.
Eat. Eat.
Yu,
I'm not feeling very well.
Please excuse me for a moment.
Um...
I'll go handle it.
Here.
Ning.
He's a major sponsor.
He's funded many musicians
to study abroad.
I am
working with him now.
Only if we secure this deal
will we have
more performance opportunities.
So I hope you
can talk more and express yourself more.
Only this way
can we seize this opportunity.
What do you think?
Mm, I understand.
So...
Are you okay, Miss Luo?
I'm fine. Sorry.
I'll drink a toast to you.
Come on. I'll join you.
Ning.
Thank you for today.
I know you're not a drinker,
yet you drank so much for me.
I'm really grateful to you.
It's nothing.
Be careful.
Yu.
Helping you is helping myself.
We will definitely have more performances.
Today, consider it overtime for you.
I'll give you double overtime pay.
Don't turn me down.
Mm. Thanks.
By the way,
is it okay for you to go back alone?
Mm.
Okay. Be careful.
We arrived at the same time.
Do you enjoy competing with me that much?
I'm really not at my best today.
Don't...
Now, this is great.
Neither of us can practice.
I think Yi Lan is quite difficult.
She always takes
other people's practice rooms.
And she never holds back when she speaks.
Come out and say it if you have the guts!
Fine.
You two really are good friends.
One lacks integrity,
the other...
lacks integrity too.
Luo Ningzi,
who was that man
who sent you back last night?
You kept throwing up
when you got back to the dorm.
Why don't you just live off-campus?
What does her business
have to do with you?
How is it none of my business?
It's all because of her.
She's out there ruining the reputation
of us music students!
What are you doing, all of you?
You're bullying Tong Xiaole's girlfriend
because you can't have him.
I'm telling you,
this is called bullying, you know?
Wait, who are you?
And what does this have to do
with Tong Xiaole?
They're dormmates?
No wonder.
Birds of a feather flock together.
A bunch of rabble.
No wonder you're at the bottom
of the major rankings.
You've wasted all your time
on things like this.
A bunch of underperforming students.
What's there to show off?
Also,
who did you say lacks integrity?
Try touching my cello again!
Even my parents have never slapped me,
and you slapped me?
You want to fight, huh?
What are you doing?
Go away!
She slapped you! So what?
What are you doing?
Stop it!
Let go!
Yi Lan!
Xiaole.
Why did you have to fight
instead of talking things out?
Your girlfriend started it!
I slapped her first.
They touched my cello.
Yi Lan was just trying to help me.
See?
She hangs out with Luo Ningzi.
She can't be any good!
Do your words have to be so harsh?
Xiaole, let us handle it ourselves.
You guys
have seriously disrupted our practice.
We came to the practice room first.
You guys started this whole thing.
Who has disturbed whom exactly?
And regarding Luo Ningzi's matters,
who are you to judge her?
About what happened today,
I will tell the student advisor.
Just you wait.
You can snitch,
but we can't snitch, huh?
Exactly.
How old are you?
When something happens,
all you do is run to the teacher.
Coming to school is for learning.
If you have the guts,
let's compete in our field.
Fine.
How?
A duet.
Yi Lan and me.
The losers
apologize publicly.
Next Wednesday,
see you in the auditorium.
Is your foot okay?
I sprained it a bit just now.
Can you still walk?
Let me try.
Be careful. Be careful.
Come on.
Let me take you to the infirmary.
[Healthy Life
Take Control by Yourself]
Doctor?
[Treatment Room]
Not here.
Here. Be careful.
Let's sit over here.
[Healthy Life
Take Control by Yourself]
Here, let me see.
Does it hurt?
It hurts a lot.
A little.
Wait a second.
I'll go get you an ice pack.
No need.
Let's just wait for the doctor here.
Then put your foot like this.
It helps with blood circulation.
What's wrong?
Tell me,
why did Luo Ningzi
ask me to do a duet?
She didn't ask for your permission
and dragged you into a competition.
Aren't you angry?
No.
I just...
don't quite understand.
Yi Lan.
No matter what happens in the future,
you can tell me.
We can solve it together.
Got it.
But I can handle some things myself.
Fine.
If you can handle everything yourself,
you won't need me.
Of course I need you.
But you have your own things to do.
And I don't want you
to become like my dad,
worrying about me over everything.
This isn't worrying.
This is called
the happiness of being needed.
Okay.
Then I'll tell you every little thing
from now on.
Just don't find me annoying.
You'd better.
Let me see.
Is your head okay?
It's fine.
The doctor is here.
Well...
I'll let you two talk.
I'll just go look for the doctor.
About what happened just now,
thank you.
It's nothing.
Aren't we best friends?
Why did you...
ask me to do a duet with you?
Why so many questions?
To win.
But you know clearly with my skill level,
we can't beat them.
With your current skill level,
we can.
Have I improved that much?
Enough to beat them?
I saw you in Professor Ye Mei's class.
You certainly have what it takes to win.
So all this time...
that is why?
Haven't you been well-prepared all along?
Are you worried I'll get ahead of you,
or do you think
I'm not qualified to compete with you?
I don't know.
I just know
there's only one spot,
and I can't lose.
So you're worried I'll take your spot?
Yes.
I'm worried.
You have the support of people around you
in everything you do.
You have your own steadfast dreams.
I envy you.
And me?
Because apples are good for health,
I have to eat them all the time.
Because I have a talent for the cello,
I have to play the cello all the time.
But you're different.
You can do whatever makes you happy.
So I also asked myself,
what do I want?
So...
do you have the answer?
No.
I want to do well,
but I want to know more
whether I play the cello
for myself or for others.
Ning.
You know what?
I envied you too.
In my eyes,
you've always been someone who shines.
You've always been my role model.
I want to tell you,
whether it's for yourself
or for others,
you deserve what you like.
I really like you.
Thank you.
[Student Practice Room 15]
Do you want
to choose a piece for our duet?
Sure.
Do you have any ideas?
Vivaldi.
The Concerto for Two Cellos.
Why this piece again?
I want to play it...
with you again.
Let's try it then.
You start first, as before.
Mm.
Don't go!
Explain it clearly!
Don't! Don't! Don't get physical!
Let's talk this out properly.
Can you let me explain it clearly?
You can't solve the problem like this.
Who do you think you are?
Do you still want to get married or not?
What is that man doing?
How could he act like this?
Look. Look. Look.
What's going on?
Look, you've messed up.
What's wrong?
I bumped into your cello?
You should have watched
where you were going.
Next time you go out,
remember to bring your eyes.
It was clearly you who bumped into me.
Why are you blaming the victim?
I really can't stand
this pitiful look of yours.
Who are you putting on a show for?
Let's not wait until next week.
Right now,
let's have a match.
Are you scared?
Fine, let's do it.
Come on.